fix: remove pg dependency (#175)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/3.0/dynamic-filters.md

 - Are
 - Contain
 - Overlap

>  - Contained in (gem `active_record_extended` required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Contained in ([`active_record_extended`](https://github.com/GeorgeKaraszi/ActiveRecordExtended) gem required)
```

:::warning

> Contained in don't work when using the `acts-as-taggable-on` gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contained in will not work when using the `acts-as-taggable-on` gem.
```
